[Docs] Add remote models (#8523)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/genai/deployment/genai_serving.md

(genai-serving)=
# Serving gen AI models

> With MLRun you can serve any model, locally hosted, (including pretrained models from the Hugging Face model hub, as well as models that are fine-tuned with MLRun) and remote models. (See [Hugging Face model hub](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/en/models-the-hub).)

Reviewer: it is not accurate, hg models are running on your device with pipeline client, but they are downloaded from hf hub.

print(f"Output: {result['outputs']}")
```

## Serving using a remote model

The following code shows the basics of serving and deploying a remote model.
For a complete example, see . 

```python

> graph = function.set_topology("flow", engine="async")

Reviewer: In the notebook I logged LLmPtomptArtifact and ModelArtifact.
I think we must add these examples to demonstrate how we choose a model, with an example of datastore profile usage.

Author: both are still there - I added another heading for the LLMPrompt artifact

print(f"Output: {result['outputs']}")
```

## Serving using a remote model

There are two types of remote models. 

> - When using OpenAI models, you can send requests through the OpenAI API to perform different tasks such as text generation, embeddings, and more. For text generation usage, see the example in {ref}`deploy-openai-model`.

Reviewer: The link here is not working, I see it as plain text instead of link.

Author: the link is good in the published doc.

print(f"Output: {result['outputs']}")
```

## Serving using a remote model

There are two types of remote models. 

> - When using OpenAI models, for example, you use OpenAI's data management tools to upload your dataset, and then continue to fine tune and evaluate the model with the using the OpenAI API. See an example in {ref}`deploy-openai-model`.

Reviewer: we do not provide an option to upload the dataset, are you meaning prompt?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using OpenAI models, you can send requests through the OpenAI API to perform different tasks such as text generation, embeddings, and more. For text generation usage, see the example in {ref}deploy-openai-model.
```

JL: added

- Hugging Face use Pipeline as a client; it downloads the model and loads it to the RAM.
  - Hugging Face models might required more resources than usual.
  - By default, in LLModel usage, metrics are calculated after invocation. These token metrics are estimates and may not be fully accurate.
  - Hugging Face's Inference Provider is designed to handle OpenAI-style chat format (role/content) and therefore requires models that support `tokenizer.apply_chat_template`. If a model does not provide this functionality, you must implement a manual solution.

>     See an example in {ref}`hf-model-image-detection`.

Reviewer: this is the wrong example, in chat usage, you should show the first nb that I sent you that combines hf with LLM.

Author: deleted sentence. The other NB is not in the docs.
